just joined in the ranks of merely the
ranks of your wife Hey look at me
Raven tongue we're Special Forces and we
want you on our team
Special Forces honey here's your weapon
still fight battles and be all you can
be a cog in the machine is a brutal
dezhkin being hung up with a cute PTSD
rededicated merciful and dearest what we
say and if you do it right you will
forget this is okay
shoulders down and chin upon and you
can't jump so try to vote soulful
realistic wait no joke that's not our
fault
let's have some fun load your gun take
aim at that man don't you till we see if
we can learn through it you can learn
the way once you know the basics there's
nothing to it follow in our footsteps
but you do it now call of duty what a
joke we got sick of battle we never
cared for battle for us guys a genius
over good product course so what's the
play say we run gun
no big address too much baggage we can
learn to do better kid not seven simply
screwing with males in treatise
but you can learn to love it next you
need to memorize keyboard commands the
right mouse button makes you a left to
shoot shoot Alicia it makes you walk
around shoulder API and rushing to see
will make you crash impressing always up
your 1gb checkup and pressing enter
these you're better where are all the
selfies that I told you he would ask us
that
if you can learn to do it I can learn to
do it I can't wait to take my gun and
actually shoot away pretty soon you'll
find there's nothing to all of my behind
us move I move and if you will throw
nothing
hey what the heard go
you
ha